T-Minus 1 Day
UNS William Shepherd
6.22.5021u
src\assets\events\images\UNS-William-Shepherd.jpg

You sit in your cockpit, hearing the hum of newly printed machinery as you anxiously await the call. Suddenly, without warning, you hear the mission handler, an Aldrich class NHP over comms. “Operation is a go, commencing Steel Rain in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 … coffins are away.”

You feel the clamps release, and for a second you’re weightless: drifting in high orbit. Suddenly, main thrusters kick in and you’re sent hurtling towards Oread II. Your thrusters go into a full burn and gentle vibrations swiftly becomes a quake as the g-forces become more and more intense. In response, your hardsuit and augmentations administer a cocktail of combat stims to enhance your resistances. It courses through your veins like ice water.

The inside of your cockpit heats up, and through the thin plating of your drop coffin you see lines of fantastic white, red, and orange streak along the periphery of your view screens. The thrusters die out and over the roar of atmospheric entry you barely hear the NHP again. “Landing in approximately 30 seconds, prepare for parachute protocol.”

Behind your mech, you feel the anti-gravity engine start to spin up. "Parachute in 10, 9, 8."

Anticipation rises in your gut as you clearly see the ground below in increasing clarity. "4, 3, 2, 1..."

Just as you’re sure you’re about to crash into the hard earth beneath you, you feel a burst of gravity. You’re jerked in the opposite direction for a fraction of a second before you black out.

You come to your senses a couple seconds before the door to the simulator opens and bright light floods your vision. One of the training officers makes it worse by shining a flashlight in your eyes for a couple of seconds before looking at his pad. He grins and gives a thumbs up to someone behind him. Over the training room loudspeaker you hear “Hey not bad, according to your telemetry data, you were all awake and battle ready only 2.21 seconds after landing. Keep that up and you might just survive this intervention. Training’s over for the day: hit the showers, find a damn drink, and get some rest. Projected arrival is at 0800 hours.”